# Canadian UAVs Internship Coding Challenge
## By Evan Mann
This C# program has been developed to solve the problem posed by Canadian UAVs for their Software Developer Intern role. <br><br>
This solution makes use of the packages CsvHelper and Newtonsoft's Json package to read and write CSV and JSON files. This allowed me to read the inputs from the sensors, and output the final comparisons to a seperate JSON. The structure of this program revoles around the main class Sensor which is used to load, store, and process the data from the files. It contains static methods for both comparing two sets of sensor data, and preforming a Lambert distance calculation for the distance between two points. These come along side methods for loading data into it from either CSV or JSON files, and a dynamic constructor that repsonds to the file path of the data used to construct it. The Lambert formula for distance between two points on the outside of an ellipsoid was chosen for its greater accuracy due to accounting for the difference between lengths of the equatorial and polar axes of the Earth. Using this calculation, the two sensors could have each data point compared, and if the readings were within 100m of eachother, the described accuracy of the sensors, it was determined that the readings were correlated and the IDs were stored in the JSON file that is outputed. To run the program, with dotnet installed, run dotnet restore to obtain the dependancies mentioned above, and dotnet run to run the program. The terminal should output a confirmation that the file was created, and "SensorDataComparisonOutput.json" should be updated in the directory where this program exists on your computer. This output already exists, however if deleted it will be regenerated. 